Add Conditional Access Policy Support (#466)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/resources/conditional_access_policy.md

---

`platforms` block supports the following:

* `excluded_platforms` - (Optional) A list of platforms explicitly excluded from the policy. Possible values are: `android`, `iOS`, `windows`, `windowsPhone`, `macOS`, `all`, `unknownFutureValue`.
* `included_platforms` - (Optional) A list of platforms the policy applies to, unless explicitly excluded. Possible values are: `android`, `iOS`, `windows`, `windowsPhone`, `macOS`, `all`, `unknownFutureValue`.

---

`grant_controls` block supports the following:

* `built_in_controls` - (Required) List of built-in controls required by the policy. Possible values are: `block`, `mfa`, `compliantDevice`, `domainJoinedDevice`, `approvedApplication`, `compliantApplication`, `passwordChange`, `unknownFutureValue`.
* `custom_authentication_factors` - (Optional) List of custom controls IDs required by the policy.
* `operator` - (Required) Defines the relationship of the grant controls. Possible values are: `AND`, `OR`.
* `terms_of_use` - (Optional) List of terms of use IDs required by the policy.

---

`session_controls` block supports the following:

> -> **NOTE:** Only Office 365, Exchange Online and Sharepoint Online support `application_enforced_restrictions`
> -> **NOTE:** `persistent_browser` session only works correctly when `included_applications` is set to `All`.
> 
> * `application_enforced_restrictions` - (Optional) An `application_enforced_restrictions` block as defined below, which enables session control to enforce application restrictions.
> * `cloud_app_security` - (Optional) A `cloud_app_security` block as defined below, which is used to enforce cloud app security checks.
> * `persistent_browser` - (Optional) A `persistent_browser` block as defined below, which defines whether to persist cookies or not. All apps should be selected for this session control to work correctly.
> * `sign_in_frequency` - (Optional) A `sign_in_frequency` block as defined below, which controls the frequency users will have to sign in.
> 
> ---
> 
> `application_enforced_restrictions` block supports the following:
> 
> * `enabled` - (Optional) enables application enforced restrictions.
> 
> ---
> 
> `cloud_app_security` block supports the following:
> 
> * `cloud_app_security_type` - (Optional) Defines which policy to use. Possible values are: `mcasConfigured`, `monitorOnly`, `blockDownloads` or `unknownFutureValue`.
> * `enabled` - (Optional) enables conditional access application control.
> 
> ---
> 
> `persistent_browser` block supports the following:
> 
> * `enabled` - (Optional) enables persistent browser session.
> * `mode` - (Optional) Defines which persistent browser mode is enabled. Possible values are: `always`, `never`.
> 
> `sign_in_frequency` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `application_enforced_restrictions_enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not application enforced restrictions are enabled. Defaults to `false`.

-> Only Office 365, Exchange Online and Sharepoint Online support application enforced restrictions.

* `cloud_app_security_policy` - (Optional) Enables cloud app security and specifies the cloud app security policy to use. Possible values are: `mcasConfigured`, `monitorOnly`, `blockDownloads` or `unknownFutureValue`.
* `persistent_browser_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the persistent browser mode to use. Possible values are: `always`, `never`. Required when `persistent_browser_enabled` is specified.

-> `persistent_browser_mode` only works correctly when `included_applications` is set to `All`.

* `sign_in_frequency` - (Optional) Number of days or hours to enforce sign-in frequency. Required when `sign_in_frequency_period` is specified.
* `sign_in_frequency_period` - (Optional) The time period to enforce sign-in frequency. Possible values are: `hours` or `days`. Required when `sign_in_frequency_period` is specified.
```
